QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT

THE MEETING AND VOTING
 
1. 	What is a proxy?
       It is your legal designation of another person to vote the stock you own. That other person is called a proxy. If you designate someone as your proxy in a written document, that document also is called a proxy or a proxy card. As is our usual practice, three of our outside Directors have been designated as proxies for the 2003 Annual Meeting of Share Owners. These three Directors are Cathleen P. Black, Warren E. Buffett and Robert L. Nardelli.

 
2. 	What is a proxy statement?
       It is a document that SEC regulations require us to give you when we ask you to sign a proxy card designating Cathleen P. Black, Warren E. Buffett and Robert L. Nardelli, each as proxies to vote on your behalf.

 
3. 	What is the difference between a share owner of record and a share owner who holds stock in street name?
 	(a) 	If your shares are registered in your name, you are a share owner of record.
 	(b) 	If your shares are in the name of your broker or bank, your shares are held in street name.
 
4. 	How do you get an admission card to attend the meeting?
       If you are a share owner of record, your admission card is attached to your proxy card. You will need to bring it with you to the meeting.

       If you own shares in street name, you will need to ask your broker or bank for an admission card in the form of a legal proxy. You will need to bring the legal proxy with you to the meeting. If you do not receive the legal proxy in time, bring your most recent brokerage statement with you to the meeting. We can use that to verify your ownership of Common Stock and admit you to the meeting; however, you will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting without a legal proxy. Please note that if you own shares in street name and you request a legal proxy any previously executed proxy will be revoked, and your vote will not be counted unless you appear at the meeting and vote in person.

       You will also need to bring a photo ID to gain admission.

 
5. 	What different methods can you use to vote?
       (a) By Written Proxy: All share owners can vote by written proxy card.

       (b) By Telephone and Internet Proxy: All share owners of record also can have their shares voted by proxy by touchtone telephone from the U.S. and Canada, using the toll-

2

 

free telephone number on the proxy card, or by the Internet, using the procedures and instructions described on the proxy card and other enclosures. Street name holders may vote by telephone or the Internet if their bank or broker makes those methods available, in which case the bank or broker will enclose the instructions with the proxy statement. The telephone and Internet voting procedures, including the use of control numbers, are designed to authenticate share owners’ identities, to allow share owners to vote their shares, and to confirm that their instructions have been properly recorded.
       (c) In Person: All share owners may vote in person at the meeting (unless they are street name holders without a legal proxy, as described in question 4).

 
6. 	What is the record date and what does it mean?
       The record date for the 2003 Annual Meeting of Share Owners is February 21, 2003. The record date is established by the Board of Directors as required by Delaware law. Owners of record of Common Stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to:

       (a) receive notice of the meeting, and

       (b) vote at the meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting.

 
7. 	How can you revoke a proxy?
       A share owner can revoke a proxy prior to the completion of voting at the meeting by:

       (a) giving written notice to the Secretary of the Company,

       (b) delivering a later-dated proxy, or

       (c) voting in person at the meeting.

 
8. 	Are votes confidential? Who counts the votes?
       We will continue our long-standing practice of holding the votes of all share owners in confidence from Directors, officers and employees except:

       (a) as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements and to assert or defend claims for or against the Company,

       (b) in case of a contested proxy solicitation,

       (c) if a share owner makes a written comment on the proxy card or otherwise communicates his/her vote to management, or

       (d) to allow the independent inspectors of election to certify the results of the vote.

We will also continue, as we have for many years, to retain an independent tabulator to receive and tabulate the proxies and independent inspectors of election to certify the results.

3

 

 
9. 	What are your voting choices when voting for Director nominees, and what vote is needed to elect Directors?
       In the vote on the election of five Director nominees to serve until the 2006 Annual Meeting of Share Owners, share owners may:

       (a) vote in favor of all nominees,

       (b) vote to withhold votes as to all nominees, or

       (c) vote to withhold votes as to specific nominees.

       Directors will be elected by a plurality vote.

       The Board recommends a vote “FOR” each of the nominees.

 
10. 	What are your voting choices when voting on the ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors, and what vote is needed to ratify their appointment?
       In the vote on the ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors, share owners may:

       (a) vote in favor of the ratification,

       (b) vote against the ratification, or

       (c) abstain from voting on the ratification.

       The proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors will require approval by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the meeting.

       The Board recommends a vote “FOR” this proposal.

 
11. 	What are your voting choices when voting on the adoption of an amendment to The Coca-Cola Company 2002 Stock Option Plan, and what vote is needed to adopt the amendment to the plan?
       In the vote on the approval of an amendment to The Coca-Cola Company 2002 Stock Option Plan, share owners may:

       (a) vote in favor of the amendment,

       (b) vote against the amendment, or

       (c) abstain from voting on the amendment.

       The proposal to approve the amendment to The Coca-Cola Company 2002 Stock Option Plan will require approval by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the meeting.

       The Board recommends a vote “FOR” this proposal.

4

 

 
12. 	What are your voting choices when voting on approval of the Company’s Executive and Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan, and what vote is needed to approve the plan?
       In the vote on the approval of the Company’s Executive and Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan, share owners may:

       (a) vote in favor of the approval,

       (b) vote against the approval, or

       (c) abstain from voting on the approval.

       The proposal to approve the Company’s Executive and Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan will require approval by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the meeting.

       The Board recommends a vote “FOR” this proposal.

 
13. 	What are the voting choices when voting on each share-owner proposal properly presented at the meeting, and what vote is needed to approve any of the share-owner proposals?
       A separate vote will be held on each of the eight share-owner proposals that is properly presented at the meeting. In voting on each of the proposals, share owners may:

       (a) vote in favor of the proposal,

       (b) vote against the proposal, or

       (c) abstain from voting on the proposal.

       In order to be approved, each share-owner proposal will require approval by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the meeting.

       The Board recommends a vote “AGAINST” each of the eight share-owner proposals.

 
14. 	What if a share owner does not specify a choice for a matter when returning a proxy?
       Share owners should specify their choice for each matter on the enclosed proxy. If no specific instructions are given, proxies which are signed and returned will be voted FOR the election of all Director nominees, FOR the proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP, FOR the proposal to amend The Coca-Cola Company 2002 Stock Option Plan, FOR the proposal to approve the Company’s Executive and Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan, and AGAINST each share-owner proposal.

 
15. 	How are abstentions and broker non-votes counted?
       Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be included in vote totals and will not affect the outcome of the vote.