QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT
THE MEETING AND VOTING 

1.
What is a proxy?
        It is your legal designation of another person to vote the stock you own. That other person is called a proxy. If you designate someone as your proxy in a written document, that document also is called a proxy or a proxy card. We have designated three of our officers as proxies for the 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. These three officers are Gary P. Fayard, Geoffrey J. Kelly and Cynthia McCague.

2.
What is a proxy statement?
        It is a document that the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") regulations require us to give you when we ask you to sign a proxy card designating Gary P. Fayard, Geoffrey J. Kelly and Cynthia McCague, as proxies to vote on your behalf.

3.
What is the difference between a shareowner of record and a shareowner who holds stock in street name?
        If your shares are registered in your name, you are a shareowner of record.

        If your shares are held in the name of your broker or bank, your shares are held in street name.

4.
How do I get an admission card to attend the meeting?
        If you are a shareowner of record, your admission card is attached to your proxy card. You will need to bring it with you to the meeting.

        If you own shares in street name, bring your most recent brokerage statement with you to the meeting. We can use that to verify your ownership of Common Stock and admit you to the meeting; however, you will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting without a legal proxy (described in question 5). Please note that if you own shares in street name and you request a legal proxy, any previously executed proxy will be revoked, and your vote will not be counted unless you appear at the meeting and vote in person or legally appoint another proxy to vote on your behalf.

        You will also need to bring a photo ID to gain admission.

5.
How can I vote at the meeting if I own shares in street name?
        You will need to ask your broker or bank for a legal proxy. You will need to bring the legal proxy with you to the meeting. You will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting without a legal proxy. Please note that if you request a legal proxy, any previously executed proxy will be revoked, and your vote will not be counted unless you appear at the meeting and vote in person or legally appoint another proxy to vote on your behalf. If you do not receive the legal proxy in time, you can follow the procedures as described in Question 4 to gain admission to the meeting.

6.
How can I view the live webcast of the meeting?
        You can view the live webcast of the meeting by logging on to our website at www.coca-cola.com and clicking on "Investors" and then on the link to the webcast. An archived copy of the webcast also will be available until May 19, 2005.

        We have included the website address for reference only. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.

2


7.
What different methods can I use to vote?
By Written Proxy. All shareowners can vote by written proxy card.

By Telephone and Internet Proxy. All shareowners of record also can vote by touchtone telephone from the U.S. and Canada, using the toll-free telephone number on the proxy card, or through the Internet, using the procedures and instructions described on the proxy card and other enclosures. Street name holders may vote by telephone or through the Internet if their bank or broker makes those methods available, in which case the bank or broker will enclose the instructions with the proxy statement. The telephone and Internet voting procedures are designed to authenticate shareowners' identities, to allow shareowners to vote their shares, and to confirm that their instructions have been properly recorded.

In Person. All shareowners may vote in person at the meeting (unless they are street name holders without a legal proxy, as described in question 5).

8.
What is the record date and what does it mean?
        The record date for the 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareowners is February 22, 2005. The record date is established by the Board as required by Delaware law. Owners of record of Common Stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to:

(a)
receive notice of the meeting, and 

(b)
vote at the meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting.
9.
How can I revoke a proxy?
        Shareowners can revoke a proxy prior to the completion of voting at the meeting by:

(a)
giving written notice to the Office of the Secretary of the Company, 

(b)
delivering a later-dated proxy, or 

(c)
voting in person at the meeting (unless they are street name holders without a legal proxy, as described in question 5).
10.
Are votes confidential? Who counts the votes?
        We will continue our long-standing practice of holding the votes of all shareowners in confidence from Directors, officers and employees except:

(a)
as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements and to assert or defend claims for or against the Company, 

(b)
in case of a contested proxy solicitation, 

(c)
if a shareowner makes a written comment on the proxy card or otherwise communicates his or her vote to management, or 

(d)
to allow the independent inspectors of election to certify the results of the vote.
We will also continue, as we have for many years, to retain an independent tabulator to receive and tabulate the proxies and independent inspectors of election to certify the results.

3


11.
What are my voting choices when voting for Director nominees, and what vote is needed to elect Directors?
        In the vote on the election of fourteen Director nominees to serve until the 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, shareowners may:

(a)
vote in favor of all nominees, 

(b)
withhold votes as to all nominees, or 

(c)
withhold votes as to specific nominees.

        Directors will be elected by a plurality vote.

        The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the nominees.

12.
What are my voting choices when voting on the ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors, and what vote is needed to ratify their appointment?
        In the vote on the ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors, shareowners may:

(a)
vote in favor of the ratification, 

(b)
vote against the ratification, or 

(c)
abstain from voting on the ratification.
        The proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors will require approval by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the meeting.

        The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal.

13.
What are my voting choices when voting on each shareowner proposal properly presented at the meeting, and what vote is needed to approve any of the shareowner proposals?

        A separate vote will be held on each of the three shareowner proposals that is properly presented at the meeting. In voting on each of the proposals, shareowners may:

(a)
vote in favor of the proposal, 

(b)
vote against the proposal, or 

(c)
abstain from voting on the proposal.
        In order to be approved, each shareowner proposal will require approval by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the meeting.

        The Board recommends a vote AGAINST each of the three shareowner proposals.

14.
What if I do not specify a choice for a matter when returning a proxy?
        Shareowners should specify their choice for each matter on the enclosed proxy. If no specific instructions are given, proxies which are signed and returned will be voted FOR the election of all Director nominees, FOR the proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors, and AGAINST each of the three shareowner proposals that is properly presented at the meeting.

4


15.
How are abstentions and broker non-votes counted?
        Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be included in vote totals and will not affect the outcome of the vote.

16.
Does the Company have a policy about Directors' attendance at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners?
        The Company does not have a policy about Directors' attendance at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners. All of the Directors, except one, attended the 2004 Annual Meeting of Shareowners.

17.
How are proxies solicited and what is the cost?
        We bear all expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation of proxies. We have engaged Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. to assist with the solicitation of proxies for an estimated fee of $25,000 plus expenses. We will reimburse brokers, fiduciaries and custodians for their costs in forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners of Common Stock held in their names.

        Our Directors, officers and employees may also solicit proxies by mail, telephone and personal contact. They will not receive any additional compensation for these activities.