QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT
THE MEETING AND VOTING 

1.
What is a proxy?
        It is your legal designation of another person to vote the stock you own. That other person is called a proxy. If you designate someone as your proxy in a written document, that document also is called a proxy or a proxy card. We have designated three of our officers as proxies for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. These three officers are Gary P. Fayard, Geoffrey J. Kelly and Cynthia P. McCague.

2.
What is a proxy statement?
        It is a document that Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") regulations require us to give you when we ask you to sign a proxy card designating Gary P. Fayard, Geoffrey J. Kelly and Cynthia P. McCague, as proxies to vote on your behalf.

3.
What is the difference between a shareowner of record and a shareowner who holds stock in street name?
        If your shares are registered in your name, you are a shareowner of record.

        If your shares are held in the name of your broker or bank, your shares are held in street name.

4.
How do I attend the meeting?
        If you are a shareowner of record, your admission card is attached to your proxy card. You will need to bring it with you to the meeting.

        If you own shares in street name, bring your most recent brokerage statement with you to the meeting. We can use that to verify your ownership of Common Stock and admit you to the meeting; however, you will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting without a legal proxy (described in question 5).

        You will also need to bring a photo ID to gain admission.

        Please note that cameras, sound or video recording equipment, cellular telephones, or other similar equipment, electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will not be allowed in the meeting room.

5.
How can I vote at the meeting if I own shares in street name?
        You will need to ask your broker or bank for a legal proxy. You will need to bring the legal proxy with you to the meeting. You will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting without a legal proxy.

        Please note that if you request a legal proxy, any previously executed proxy will be revoked, and your vote will not be counted unless you appear at the meeting and vote in person or legally appoint another proxy to vote on your behalf.

        If you do not receive the legal proxy in time, you can follow the procedures described in question 4 to gain admission to the meeting.

2

6.
What shares are included on the proxy card?
        If you are a shareowner of record you will receive only one proxy card for all the shares of Common Stock you hold:

•
in certificate form; 

•
in book-entry form; 

•
in any Company benefit plan; and 

•
in any Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. ("Enterprises") benefit plan.
        If you hold shares in any Company benefit plan or Enterprises benefit plan and do not vote your shares or specify your voting instructions on your proxy card, the administrators of the benefit plans will vote your benefit plan shares in the same proportion as the shares for which voting instructions have been received. To allow sufficient time for voting by the administrators, your voting instructions must be received by April 16, 2006.

7.
How can I view the live webcast of the meeting?
        You can view the live webcast of the meeting by logging on to our website at www.coca-cola.com and clicking on "Investors" and then on the link to the webcast. An archived copy of the webcast will be available until May 19, 2006.

        We have included the website address for reference only. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.

8.
What different methods can I use to vote?
        By Written Proxy.    All shareowners of record can vote by written proxy card. If you are a street name holder, you will receive a written proxy card from your bank or broker.

        By Telephone or Internet.    All shareowners of record also can vote by touchtone telephone from the U.S. and Canada, using the toll-free telephone number on the proxy card, or through the Internet, using the procedures and instructions described on the proxy card. Street name holders may vote by telephone or through the Internet if their bank or broker makes those methods available, in which case the bank or broker will enclose the instructions with the proxy materials. The telephone and Internet voting procedures are designed to authenticate shareowners' identities, to allow shareowners to vote their shares, and to confirm that their instructions have been properly recorded.

        In Person.    All shareowners of record may vote in person at the meeting. Street name holders may vote in person at the meeting if they have a legal proxy, as described in question 5.

9.
What is the record date and what does it mean?
        The record date for the 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareowners is February 21, 2006. The record date is established by the Board as required by Delaware law. Owners of record of Common Stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to:

•
receive notice of the meeting; and 

•
vote at the meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. 

10.
What can I do if I change my mind after I vote my shares?
        Shareowners can revoke a proxy prior to the completion of voting at the meeting by:

•
giving written notice to the Office of the Secretary of the Company;
3

•
delivering a later-dated proxy; or 

•
voting in person at the meeting (unless you are a street name holder without a legal proxy, as described in question 5). 

11.
Are votes confidential? Who counts the votes?
        We will continue our long-standing practice of holding the votes of all shareowners in confidence from Directors, officers and employees except:

•
as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements and to assert or defend claims for or against the Company; 

•
in case of a contested proxy solicitation; 

•
if a shareowner makes a written comment on the proxy card or otherwise communicates his or her vote to management; or 

•
to allow the independent inspectors of election to certify the results of the vote.
        We will also continue, as we have for many years, to retain an independent tabulator to receive and tabulate the proxies and independent inspectors of election to certify the results.

12.
What are my voting choices when voting for Director nominees, and what vote is needed to elect Directors?
        In the vote on the election of eleven Director nominees to serve until the 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, shareowners may:

•
vote in favor of all nominees; 

•
withhold votes as to all nominees; or 

•
withhold votes as to specific nominees.
        Directors will be elected by a plurality vote.

        The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the nominees.

13.
What are my voting choices when voting on the ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors, and what vote is needed to ratify their appointment?
        In the vote on the ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors, shareowners may:

•
vote in favor of the ratification; 

•
vote against the ratification; or 

•
abstain from voting on the ratification.
        The proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors will require approval by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the meeting.

        The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal.

4


14.
What are my voting choices when voting on the approval of an amendment to the 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan of The Coca-Cola Company, and what vote is needed to approve the amendment?
        In the vote on the approval of an amendment to the 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan of The Coca-Cola Company (the "1989 Restricted Stock Plan"), shareowners may:

•
vote in favor of the amendment; 

•
vote against the amendment; or 

•
abstain from voting on the amendment.
        The proposal to approve an amendment to the 1989 Restricted Stock Plan will require approval by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the meeting.

        The Board recommends a vote FOR the proposal.

15.
What are my voting choices when voting on each shareowner proposal properly presented at the meeting, and what vote is needed to approve any of the shareowner proposals?
        A separate vote will be held on each of the five shareowner proposals that is properly presented at the meeting. In voting on each of the proposals, shareowners may:

•
vote in favor of the proposal; 

•
vote against the proposal; or 

•
abstain from voting on the proposal.
        In order to be approved, each shareowner proposal will require approval by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of Common Stock voting in person or by proxy at the meeting.

        The Board recommends a vote AGAINST each of the five shareowner proposals.

16.
What if I do not specify a choice for a matter when returning a proxy?
        Shareowners should specify their choice for each matter on the enclosed proxy. If no specific instructions are given, proxies which are signed and returned will be voted:

•
FOR the election of all Director nominees; 

•
FOR the proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors; 

•
FOR the proposal to approve an amendment to the 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan of The Coca-Cola Company; and 

•
AGAINST each of the five shareowner proposals that is properly presented at the meeting. 

17.
How are abstentions and broker non-votes counted?
        Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be included in vote totals and will not affect the outcome of the vote.

18.
Does the Company have a policy about Directors' attendance at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners?
        The Company does not have a policy about Directors' attendance at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners. All of the Directors, except one, attended the 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareowners.

5


19.
Can I access the Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Annual Review on the Internet?
        The Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005 and the Annual Review, are available on our website at www.coca-cola.com. Instead of receiving future copies of our Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and Annual Report on Form 10-K by mail, most shareowners can elect to receive an e-mail that will provide electronic links to these documents. Opting to receive your proxy materials online will save us the cost of producing and mailing documents to your home or business, and also will give you an electronic link to the proxy voting site.

        Shareowners of Record.    If you vote on the Internet at www.investorvote.com/coca-cola, simply follow the prompts for enrolling in the electronic proxy delivery service. You also may enroll in the electronic proxy delivery service at any time in the future by going directly to www.eTreeUSA.com/coca-cola and following the enrollment instructions.

        Street Name Holders.    If you hold your shares in a bank or brokerage account, you also may have the opportunity to receive copies of these documents electronically. Please check the information provided in the proxy materials mailed to you by your bank or broker regarding the availability of this service.

20.
How are proxies solicited and what is the cost?
        We bear all expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation of proxies. We have engaged D.F. King & Co. to assist with the solicitation of proxies for an estimated fee of $22,500 plus expenses. We will reimburse brokers, fiduciaries and custodians for their costs in forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners of Common Stock.

        Our Directors, officers and employees may also solicit proxies by mail, telephone and personal contact. They will not receive any additional compensation for these activities.