QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT
THE MEETING AND VOTING
 
1.  	What is a proxy?
 
It is your legal designation of another person to vote the stock you own. That other person is called a proxy. If you designate someone as your proxy in a written document, that document also is called a proxy or a proxy card. We have designated three of our officers as proxies for the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. These three officers are Alexander B. Cummings, Jr., Gary P. Fayard and Geoffrey J. Kelly.
 
2.  	What is a proxy statement?
 
It is a document that Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) regulations require us to give you when we ask you to sign a proxy card designating Alexander B. Cummings, Jr., Gary P. Fayard and Geoffrey J. Kelly as proxies to vote on your behalf.
 
3.  	What is the difference between holding shares as a shareowner of record and as a beneficial shareowner?
 
If your shares are registered directly in your name with the Company’s registrar and transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you are considered a shareowner of record with respect to those shares.
 
If your shares are held in a brokerage account or bank, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of those shares.
 
4.  	How do I attend the meeting? What do I need to bring?
 
You need to bring documentation showing that you owned Common Stock on the record date, February 28, 2011. If you are a shareowner of record and received your proxy materials by mail, your admission ticket is attached to your proxy card. If you received your proxy materials by e-mail and voted your shares electronically via the Internet, you can print an admission ticket after you have voted by clicking on the link provided.
 
If you are a beneficial owner, bring the notice or voting instruction form you received from your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee for admission to the meeting. You also may bring your brokerage statement reflecting your ownership of Common Stock as of February 28, 2011 with you to the meeting. Please note that upon admittance to the meeting, you will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting without a legal proxy, as described in the response to question 5.
 
You also will need to bring a photo ID to gain admission.
 
Please note that cameras, sound or video recording equipment, cellular telephones, smartphones or other similar equipment, electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will not be allowed in the meeting room.
 
5.  	How can I vote at the meeting if I am a beneficial owner?
 
You will need to ask your broker, bank or other intermediary to furnish you with a legal proxy. You will need to bring the legal proxy with you to the meeting and hand it in with a signed ballot

2

Table of Contents

that will be provided to you at the meeting. You will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting without a legal proxy.
 
Please note that if you request a legal proxy, any previously executed proxy will be revoked, and your vote will not be counted unless you appear at the meeting and vote in person or legally appoint another proxy to vote on your behalf.
 
If you do not receive the legal proxy in time, you can follow the procedures described in the response to question 4 to gain admission to the meeting. However, you will not be able to vote your shares at the meeting.
 
6.  	What shares are included on the proxy card?
 
If you are a shareowner of record you will receive only one proxy card for all the shares of Common Stock you hold:
 
 	• 	in certificate form;
 
 	• 	in book-entry form; and
 
 	• 	in any Company benefit plan.
 
If you hold shares of Common Stock in any Company benefit plan and do not vote your shares or specify your voting instructions on your proxy card, the administrators of the benefit plans will not vote your benefit plan shares. To allow sufficient time for voting by the administrators, your voting instructions must be received by April 22, 2011.
 
7.  	How can I view the live webcast of the meeting?
 
To view the live webcast of the meeting, visit our website at www.thecoca-colacompany.com, click on “Investors”, click on “Investor Webcasts” and click on the link to the webcast. An archived copy of the webcast will be available until May 31, 2011.
 
We have included our website address for reference only. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.
 
Shareowners may also access the webcast through our shareowner forum located at www.theinvestornetwork.com/forum/KO. In order to log in to the shareowner forum, you must have your control number, which can be found on your notice or proxy card.
 
8.  	What different methods can I use to vote?
 
By Written Proxy.  All shareowners of record can vote by written proxy card. If you are a beneficial owner, you may request a written proxy card or a vote instruction form from your bank or broker.