PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING INFORMATION
 
1.	What is included in the proxy materials? What is a proxy statement and what is a proxy?
 
The proxy materials for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareowners include the Notice of Annual Meeting, this proxy statement and our Form 10-K. If you received a paper copy of these materials, the proxy materials also include a proxy card or voting instruction form.
 
A proxy statement is a document that SEC regulations require us to give you when we ask you to sign a proxy designating individuals to vote on your behalf. A proxy is your legal designation of another person to vote the stock you own. That other person is called a proxy. If you designate someone as your proxy in a written document, that document also is called a proxy or a proxy card. We have designated three of our officers as proxies for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. These three officers are Alexander B. Cummings, Jr., Bernhard Goepelt and Kathy N. Waller.
 
The form of proxy and this proxy statement have been approved by the Board of Directors and are being provided to shareowners by its authority.
 
2.	What is the difference between holding shares as a shareowner of record and as a beneficial owner?
 
If your shares are registered directly in your name with the Company’s registrar and transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (“Computershare”), you are considered a shareowner of record with respect to those shares. If your shares are held in a bank or brokerage account, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of those shares.
 
3.	What shares are included on the proxy card?
 
If you are a shareowner of record, you will receive only one notice or proxy card for all the shares of Common Stock you hold in certificate form, in book-entry form and in any Company benefit plan.
 
If you are a Company employee and hold shares of Common Stock in one of our 401(k) or other savings plans, it is important that you direct the plan’s administrator how to vote your shares. If you hold shares of Common Stock in The Coca-Cola Company 401(k) Plan, any other U.S. 401(k) or savings plan administered by Mercer Trust Company, the Caribbean Refrescos, Inc. Thrift Plan, or a Canadian savings plan and do not vote your shares or specify your voting instructions on your proxy card, the administrator of the applicable plan will vote your shares in the same proportion as the shares for which they have received voting instructions. To allow sufficient time for voting by the administrators, your voting instructions must be received by April 18, 2014.
 
If you are a beneficial owner, you will receive voting instruction information from the bank, broker or other nominee through which you own your shares of Common Stock.
 
4.	What different methods can I use to vote?
 
By Written Proxy. All shareowners of record can vote by written proxy card. If you are a shareowner of record and receive a notice regarding the availability of proxy materials, you may request a written proxy card by following the instructions included in the notice. If you are a beneficial owner, you may request a written proxy card or a voting instruction form from your bank, broker or other nominee.
 
By Telephone or Internet. All shareowners of record also can vote by touchtone telephone within the U.S., U.S. territories and Canada, using the toll-free telephone number on the notice or proxy card, or through the Internet, using the procedures and instructions described on the notice or proxy card. Beneficial owners may vote by telephone or Internet if their bank, broker or other nominee makes those methods available, in which case the bank, broker or other nominee will include the instructions with the proxy materials. The telephone and Internet voting procedures are designed to authenticate shareowners’ identities, to allow shareowners to vote their shares and to confirm that their instructions have been recorded properly.
 
In Person. All shareowners of record may vote in person at the meeting. Beneficial owners may vote in person at the meeting if they have a legal proxy, as described in the response to question 19.